Added page showing how to run and access non-HTTP services (#131)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/non-http-services.adoc

> = Non HTTP Services / TCP Ingress

Reviewer: Again, misleading as it also applies to UDP.

> Accessing a TCP or UDP service directly, not using the provided OpenShift router but via the route object is possible, thanks to a Load Balancer type service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing a TCP or UDP service directly, not using the provided OpenShift router but via the route object is possible, thanks to services of type LoadBalancer.
```

Or keep the word order, but do not capitalize load balancer.

WARNING: The explanation below only works on the https://portal.appuio.cloud/zones/cloudscale-lpg-2[cloudscale.ch - LPG 2] region of APPUiO Cloud.

Deploy a sample TCP service, in this case an https://gitlab.com/vshn/demos/demo-irc-openshift[IRC chat server]:

[source,yaml]
--
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: ggircd
  labels:
    app: ggircd
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: ggircd
  strategy:
    type: Recreate
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: ggircd
    spec:
      containers:
      - image: registry.gitlab.com/vshn/demos/demo-irc-openshift:latest
        name: ggircd
        ports:
        - containerPort: 6667
          name: ggircd
--

Expose this deployment with a LoadBalancer service:

[source,yaml]
--
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: ggircd-service
spec:
  ports:
  - name: ggircd-port
    port: 6667
    targetPort: 6667
    protocol: TCP
  type: LoadBalancer
  selector:
    app: ggircd
--

> On the https://portal.appuio.cloud/zones/cloudscale-lpg-2[cloudscale.ch - LPG 2] zone, the cluster automatically assigns a unique external IPv4 address to this service. To see which IPv4 address has been assigned, go to the webconsole and navigate to "Networking/Services." The IP is displayed in the field "External IP."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the https://portal.appuio.cloud/zones/cloudscale-lpg-2[cloudscale.ch - LPG 2] zone, the cluster automatically assigns a unique external IPv4 address to this service. To see which IPv4 address has been assigned, go to the OpenShift Web Console and navigate to "Networking/Services." The IP is displayed in the field "External IP."
```

Using the CLI is also possible:

[source]
--
oc describe service ggircd-service
--

[IMPORTANT]
--
Please pay attention to the following:

- Only IPv4 is supported, IPv6 isn't available for this service yet.

> - Additional costs will apply for each external IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additional https://products.docs.vshn.ch/products/appuio/cloud/pricing.html#_service_type_loadbalancer[costs] will apply for each external IP
```
